Finalise UG for CS2101 (#219)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W13-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

   ![TruthTable Download Location](images/DownloadLocation.png)

3. Double-click on `truthtable.jar` to start the application. A window which looks similar to the screenshot below
   should appear in a few seconds. ![Ui](images/Ui.png)
   <br><br>
   <div markdown="block" class="alert alert-success">**:bulb: Sample data**:
   We have also added some sample data for you to play around with and get familiar with TruthTable's 
   [commands](#commands)!
   </div>
4. That's it! You can now follow our guide below on how to 
   [navigate the application](#navigating-truthtables-interfaceuser-interface).

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

---

## Navigating TruthTable's [Interface](#user-interface)

After opening TruthTable for the first time, you should see the following screen.

![Application Interface](images/ApplicationInterface.png)

Each section contains several [components](#component), which will be labelled in their respective sections below. These
components are numbered, and their names and descriptions will be displayed in a tabular format.

### Teams Section

![Teams Section](images/TeamsSection.png)

> This section displays the names of all the teams that you have created in TruthTable. Only the names of each team is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section displays the names of all the teams that you have created in TruthTable. Only the names of each team are
```

| <span class="text-with-color green">5</span>  | <span class="text-with-color green">Member [Index](#index)</span> | <span class="text-with-color green">The position of a member in the team's list of members</span>                                                                         |
| <span class="text-with-color green">6</span>  | <span class="text-with-color green">Member Name</span>            | <span class="text-with-color green">The name of a member at the specified member index</span>                                                                             |
| <span class="text-with-color green">7</span>  | <span class="text-with-color green">Task [Index](#index)</span>   | <span class="text-with-color green">The position of a task in the team's list of tasks</span>                                                                             |
| <span class="text-with-color green">8</span>  | <span class="text-with-color green">Task Name</span>              | <span class="text-with-color green">The name of a task at the specified task index</span>                                                                                 |

> | <span class="text-with-color green">9</span>  | <span class="text-with-color green">Task Assignee</span>          | <span class="text-with-color green">The name(s) of the member(s) assigned to the task</span>                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <span class="text-with-color green">9</span>  | <span class="text-with-color green">Task Assignee(s)</span>          | <span class="text-with-color green">The name(s) of the member(s) assigned to the task</span>                                                                              |
```

| <span class="text-with-color red">1</span>   | <span class="text-with-color red">Command</span>              | <span class="text-with-color red">The name of an instruction</span>                                                               |
| <span class="text-with-color blue">2</span>  | <span class="text-with-color blue">Flag/Option</span>         | <span class="text-with-color blue">Text that is used to modify the operation of a command, often starting with `-` or `--`</span> |
| <span class="text-with-color green">3</span> | <span class="text-with-color green">Parameter/Argument</span> | <span class="text-with-color green">Information specified for a command to operate, often used after flags</span>                 |

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">
**:information_source: Important note for flags**

- Specifying an "equal" sign (`=`) after the flag is optional, and it has no effect on the command.
- Optional flags are wrapped with square brackets (`[]`)
- Flags can be specified in any order

>     - For e.g. `-n name -p 98765432` is the same as `-p 98765432 -n name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - e.g., `-n name -p 98765432` is the same as `-p 98765432 -n name`
```

Author: Nah there's another instance of this. I'll leave it as it is

|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| [Glossary link](#glossary) | Clickable link to navigate to a section in the guide |
| `text with background`     | Text relevant to commands or file names              |
| <kbd>Esc</kbd>             | Keyboard button                                      |

## Table of Contents

* Table of Contents
{:toc}

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Key Features of TruthTable

### Organize All Your Information In One Place

We understand that managing project documents and information is a difficult task. Aside from the large number of links 
and slides created by your team, you may be using task management applications like
<a href="https://www.notion.so/" target="_blank">Notion</a> to track your team's progress as well. 

This is why TruthTable allows you to collate and organize your **tasks, links, and team members' information** in a 
single application!

### Track Progress And Delegate Work

We know that it is often difficult to visualize and communicate your team's progress to various stakeholders 

> (e.g. Professors, tutors, etc.). 

Author: ```suggestion
(e.g. professors, tutors, etc.). 
```

<br><br>
TruthTable's command syntax is actually very similar to other command line applications like
[Git](https://git-scm.com/) and [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/cli/)!

So, fret not, you will become familiar with TruthTable's commands in no time.
</div>

## Getting Started

1. Ensure you have **Java 11** or above installed on your computer. If not, follow the
   <a href="https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/install/overview-jdk-installation.html" target="_blank">Java Installation Guide</a>
   for further instructions on how to download and install **Java 11**.

2. Download the latest version of `truthtable.jar` from 
   [our "Releases" page](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W13-4/tp/releases).
   The file can be located under the "Assets" section of the page as seen in the image below.
   ![TruthTable Download Location](images/DownloadLocation.png)

3. Double-click on `truthtable.jar` to start the application. A window which looks similar to the screenshot below
   should appear in a few seconds. ![Ui](images/Ui.png)
   <br><br>
   <div markdown="block" class="alert alert-success">**:bulb: Sample data**:

>    <br><br>

Author: ```suggestion
```
To be consistent with other alerts

| Number                                        | Component                                                         | Description                                                                                                                                                               |
|-----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| <span class="text-with-color green">1</span>  | <span class="text-with-color green">Team Name</span>              | <span class="text-with-color green">The name of the selected team</span>                                                                                                  |  
| <span class="text-with-color green">2</span>  | <span class="text-with-color green">Team Description</span>       | <span class="text-with-color green">The description of the selected team</span>                                                                                           |

> | <span class="text-with-color green">3</span>  | <span class="text-with-color green">Link Index</span>             | <span class="text-with-color green">The name of a link related to the selected team</span>                                                                                |

Author: Add link to `Index` in glossary

(called [commands](#command)) to make use of the application's features. On the other hand,
[Graphical User Interface (GUI)](#graphical-user-interface) programs usually require you to use a mouse to click on 
the screen and perform certain actions.

If you are not an experienced CLI user, terms like "commands", "flags", and "parameters" may appear daunting.

But fret not! This section will cover what all these terms actually mean. By the end of it, you'll be able to 
confidently explain it to your friends too!

### Commands, flags, and parameters

All instructions in TruthTable are executed through **[commands](#command)**. Each command can have **[flags](#flag) 
specified after the command**, which modifies how the instruction should be carried out.

For each of these flags, there may be **[parameters](#parameter)** specified after it. But, **not all commands
require parameters**.

Note that flags and parameters always come **after** the command.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">**:information_source: Do I need to memorize all these commands, 
parameters, and flags?**

> <br><br>

Author: ```suggestion
```

| Flags           | Required           | Remarks                                                                |
|-----------------|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`  | :x:                | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |
| `-e`, `--email` | :heavy_check_mark: | Email of person (e.g. johndoe@gmail.com)                               |
| `-n`, `--name`  | :heavy_check_mark: | Name of person (e.g. "John Doe")                                       |
| `-p`,`--phone`  | :heavy_check_mark: | Phone of person (e.g. 98765432)                                        |
| `-t`,`--tags`   | :x:                | Tags of person (e.g. Frontend, Backend)                                |

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-success">:bulb: **Tip:**
A person can have any number of tags (including 0).
</div>

**Command Aliases:**

- `a person`
- `add p`
- `a p`

**Examples:**

* `add person -n "John Doe" -p 98765432 -e johnd@example.com` adds a person named "John Doe", with phone number
  "98765432" and email "johnd@example.com".

> * `a p -n "Betsy Crowe" -e betsycrowe@example.com -p 12345678 -t criminal friend` adds a person named "Betsy Crowe",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `a p -n "Betsy Crowe" -e betsycrowe@example.com -p 12345678 -t designer friend` adds a person named "Betsy Crowe",
```

LOL top kek

above [add person command](#creating-a-new-person-add-person) to add a new person into TruthTable.

**Format:** `list persons [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

**Command Aliases:**

- `list p`
- `l persons`
- `l p`

### Commands to Manage Members

Summary of the commands to manage members can be found [here](#summary-of-member-commands).

#### Adding a new member to the team: `add member`

You have made up your mind on you want to work with for your group projects, and now you want to
add them to your team. You can add persons to your team with the `add member` command! You can finally begin to work 
on some exciting software engineering projects with them!

The `add member` command allows you to add a new team member in your currently selected team. The new member is added
to the member list in the [current team section](#current-team-section) as seen in the image below.

> Unsure of which team you are currently on? Please refer to the [current team section](#current-team-section) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unsure of which team you are currently on? Please refer to the [current team section](#current-team-section).
```

* `PERSON_INDEX` **must be a positive integer:** 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**

- `add m`
- `a member`
- `a m`

**Examples:**

- `add member 1` will add the first person in the [persons sections](#persons-section) as a new member to the
  [currently selected team](#current-team-section).

#### Delete a member from team: `delete member`

Due to unfortunate circumstances, one of your teammates needs to be shuffled to another group, and he will no longer
be on your team! You can delete members from your team using the `delete member` command.

The `delete member` command allows you to delete an existing team member in your currently selected team. 
The corresponding team member will be removed from the [current team section](#current-team-section) as seen in the 
image below. 

Unsure of what team you are currently on? Please refer to the [currently selected team](#current-team-section) 

Here, let us take a quick walk-through on how to delete a member.

Let us delete Alex Yeoh from our team. Firstly, identify the index number of `Alex Yeoh` in the
member list (1 in the image below). If you are not able to see their name on the list, 

> refer to[find member command](#finding-a-member-find-member)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to the [find member command](#finding-a-member-find-member)
```

Unable to find a person you are looking for? Please check that you have added the person into TruthTable! Refer to the 
above [add person command](#creating-a-new-person-add-person) to add a new person into TruthTable.

**Format:** `edit person [-h] ([-n=<PERSON_NAME>] [-p=<PERSON_PHONE>] [-e=<PERSON_EMAIL>] 
[-t[=\<PERSON_TAGS\>...]]...) <PERSON_INDEX>`

| Flags           | Required   | Remarks                                                                |
|-----------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`  | :x:        | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |
| `-e`, `--email` | :asterisk: | Email of person (e.g. johndoe@example.com)                             |
| `-n`, `--name`  | :asterisk: | Name of person (e.g. "John Doe")                                       |
| `-p`,`--phone`  | :asterisk: | Phone of person (e.g. 98765432)                                        |
| `-t`,`--tags`   | :asterisk: | Tags of person (e.g. Frontend, Backend)                                |

:asterisk: - at least one of the flags for email, name, phone, and tags must be specified

> Please take note that:
> 
> * Edits the person at the specified `PERSON_INDEX`, which refers to the index number shown in the
>   [persons section](#persons-section)
> * `PERSON_INDEX` **must be a positive integer:** 1, 2, 3,...
> * Each field only updates if the flag for that field is specified.

Author: ```suggestion
Please take note that:

* This command edits the person at the specified `PERSON_INDEX`, which refers to the index number shown in the
  [persons section](#persons-section)
* `PERSON_INDEX` **must be a positive integer:** 1, 2, 3,...
* Each field only updates if the flag for that field is specified.
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed

Suppose you want to delete Alex Yeoh from your application. Identify the index number of `Alex Yeoh` in the
application (1 in the image below). First, identify the index number of your classmate in the
[persons section](#persons-section). If you are not able to find their name, refer to
[find command](#finding-a-person-find-person) on how you can find them.

Then, enter the command `delete person 1`.

If done successfully, you should see that the person `Alex Yeoh` has been removed under the 
[persons section](#persons-section).

![Delete Person Example](images/DeletePersonExample.png)

Unable to find a person you are looking for? Please check that you have added the person into TruthTable! Refer to the
above [add person command](#creating-a-new-person-add-person) to add a new person into TruthTable.

**Format:** `delete person [-h] <PERSON_INDEX>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

> * Deletes the person at the specified `PERSON_INDEX`, which refers to the index number shown in the

Author: I think these bullet points for all these commands should be prefaced with `Please take note that:` like the add person command

What do you think @Devanshshah1309

Reviewer 2: Yes I must have missed it

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

Take note that:

* Only the name is searched.
* The search is case-insensitive, e.g. `alex` will match `Alex`.
* The order of the keywords does not matter, e.g. `Yeoh Alex` will match `Alex Yeoh`.
* Persons with names partially matching the keywords will be returned, e.g. `ale` will match `Alex`.
* Persons with names matching at least one keyword will be returned, e.g. `alex yu` will match 
  `Alex Yeoh`, `Bernice Yu`.

**Command Aliases:**

- `find p`
- `f person`
- `f p`

**Examples:**

* `find person John` returns `john` and `John Doe`.
* `find person alex david` returns `Alex Yeoh`, `David Li`.

#### Listing all persons: `list persons`

If you want to see all the persons you have added to TruthTable, key in `list persons`, and they will all
appear in the [persons section](#persons-section). This is especially helpful if you have previously run the

> [`find person`](#finding-a-person-find-person) command previously.

Author: ```suggestion
[`find person`](#finding-a-person-find-person) command.
```

The `list persons` command shows the list of all persons in TruthTable. 

![List Persons Example](images/ListPersonsExample.png)

Unable to find a person you are looking for? Please check that you have added the person into TruthTable! Refer to the
above [add person command](#creating-a-new-person-add-person) to add a new person into TruthTable.

**Format:** `list persons [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

**Command Aliases:**

- `list p`
- `l persons`
- `l p`

### Commands to Manage Members

Summary of the commands to manage members can be found [here](#summary-of-member-commands).

#### Adding a new member to the team: `add member`

> You have made up your mind on you want to work with for your group projects, and now you want to

Author: ```suggestion
You have made up your mind on who you want to work with for your group projects, and now you want to
```

Reviewer 2: whom*

add them to your team. You can add persons to your team with the `add member` command! You can finally begin to work 
on some exciting software engineering projects with them!

The `add member` command allows you to add a new team member in your currently selected team. The new member is added

> to the member list in the [current team section](#current-team-section) as seen in the image below.

Author: ```suggestion
to the member list in the [current team section](#current-team-section).
```

> Unsure of which team you are currently on? Please refer to the [current team section](#current-team-section) 

Author: No time

Here, let us take a quick walk-through on how to add a person.

> Let us try to add a new person called Alex Yeoh to our team. Identify the index number of `Alex Yeoh` in the 

Author: ```suggestion
Let us try to add a new person called Alex Yeoh to our team. Identify the index number of "Alex Yeoh" in the 
```

I think there might be some instances where `Alex Yeoh` is put in code / quotations like this, I feel that unless you are referring to parameters/commands, they should be in quotation marks

[current team section](#current-team-section) as seen below. 

![Add Member Example](images/AddMemberExample.png)

**Format:** `add member [-h] <PERSON_INDEX>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

* `PERSON_INDEX` **must be a positive integer:** 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**

- `add m`
- `a member`
- `a m`

**Examples:**

- `add member 1` will add the first person in the [persons sections](#persons-section) as a new member to the
  [currently selected team](#current-team-section).

#### Delete a member from team: `delete member`

Due to unfortunate circumstances, one of your teammates needs to be shuffled to another group, and he will no longer
be on your team! You can delete members from your team using the `delete member` command.

The `delete member` command allows you to delete an existing team member in your currently selected team. 

> The corresponding team member will be removed from the [current team section](#current-team-section) as seen in the 
> image below. 

Author: ```suggestion
The corresponding team member will be removed from the [current team section](#current-team-section).```

Author: Can you remove instances of "as seen in the image below" in the descriptions, because it's duplicated

Unsure of what team you are currently on? Please refer to the [currently selected team](#current-team-section) 

Here, let us take a quick walk-through on how to delete a member.

Let us delete Alex Yeoh from our team. Firstly, identify the index number of `Alex Yeoh` in the
member list (1 in the image below). If you are not able to see their name on the list, 
refer to[find member command](#finding-a-member-find-member)

Then, enter the command `delete member 1`.

If done successfully, `Alex Yeoh` should be removed from the [current team section](#current-team-section) as seen below.

![Delete Member Example](images/DeleteMemberExample.png)

Unable to delete an existing team member? Please check that you have added the team member into your team as shown in 

> the [current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the above 
> [add member command](#adding-a-new-member-to-the-team-add-member) on how to add a new team member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the
[add member command](#adding-a-new-member-to-the-team-add-member) above on how to add a new team member.
```

- `d member`
- `d m`

**Examples:**

- `delete member 2` will delete the second member of the current team.

#### Finding a member: `find member`

As your software project is growing and your team is getting bigger, you are no longer able to find specific team
members. You can find your team members easily with the `find member` command.  

The `find member` command allows you to find all team members whose names or emails contain any of the given keywords.
The members with matching names will be shown in the member list in the [current team section](#current-team-section)
as seen in the image below. 

Let us run through the steps to find a team member.

Suppose you want to find all team members named Alex or David. 

Enter the command `find member -n alex david`.

If done successfully, you should the see all team members named Alex and David show up under in the member list in the
[current team section](#current-team-section). You can also find your team members by their email using the `-e` flag.

![Find Member Example](images/FindMemberExample.png)

Unable to find an existing team member? Please check that you have added the team member into your team as shown in the

> [current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the above
> [add member command](#adding-a-new-member-to-the-team-add-member) on how to add a new team member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the
[add member command](#adding-a-new-member-to-the-team-add-member) above on how to add a new team member.
```

* Persons with names partially matching the keywords will be returned, e.g. `ale` will match `Alex`.
* Persons with names matching at least one keyword will be returned, e.g. `alex yu` will match
  `Alex Yeoh`, `Bernice Yu`.

**Command Aliases:**

- `find m`
- `f member`
- `f m`

**Examples:**

* `find member -n Alex` finds team members with **names** containing the word "Alex".
* `find member -n Alex Beatrice` finds team members with **names** containing **either** "Alex" or "Beatrice".
* `find member -e alex@gmail.com`  finds team members with **emails** containing "alex@gmail.com".

#### Listing all members of the team: `list members`

TruthTable allows you to see a list of all your team members with the `list members` command. After running the
[find member command](#finding-a-member-find-member), you may wish to view all team members again. 

To do so, enter `list members` and the member list in the [current team section](#current-team-section) will be 
updated.

![List Members Example](images/ListMembersExample.png)

Unable to find an existing team member? Please check that you have added the team member into your team as shown in the

> [current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the above
> [add member command](#adding-a-new-member-to-the-team-add-member) on how to add a new team member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the
[add member command](#adding-a-new-member-to-the-team-add-member) above on how to add a new team member.
```

Your team size is getting larger, and it is getting confusing for you to track the members in your team. You can sort your team members by name with our `sort members` command! 

The `sort members` command allows you to sort your team members in alphabetical order. The sorted team members will
be shown in member list the [current team section](#current-team-section)  as seen in the image below.

Let us run through an example on how to sort your team members.

Suppose you want to check whether there is team member called `Caroline`, but you are unsure of how to spell it.

Enter the command `sort members asc`.

If done successfully, the sorted team members will be shown in the member list in
[current team section](#current-team-section)

You can now verify if `Caroline` indeed  exists in your team by scrolling to all names that begin with `c`. You may 
sort your team members in descending order with `sort members dsc` or reset to the original list order with 
`sort members res`.

![Sort Members Example](images/SortMembersExample.png)

Unable to find an existing team member? Please check that you have added the team member into your team as shown in the

> [current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the above
> [add member command](#adding-a-new-member-to-the-team-add-member) on how to add a new team member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the
[add member command](#adding-a-new-member-to-the-team-add-member) above on how to add a new team member.
```

Unable to find a person you are looking for? Please check that you have added the person into TruthTable! Refer to the 
above [add person command](#creating-a-new-person-add-person) to add a new person into TruthTable.

**Format:** `edit person [-h] ([-n=<PERSON_NAME>] [-p=<PERSON_PHONE>] [-e=<PERSON_EMAIL>] 
[-t[=\<PERSON_TAGS\>...]]...) <PERSON_INDEX>`

| Flags           | Required   | Remarks                                                                |
|-----------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`  | :x:        | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |
| `-e`, `--email` | :asterisk: | Email of person (e.g. johndoe@example.com)                             |
| `-n`, `--name`  | :asterisk: | Name of person (e.g. "John Doe")                                       |
| `-p`,`--phone`  | :asterisk: | Phone of person (e.g. 98765432)                                        |
| `-t`,`--tags`   | :asterisk: | Tags of person (e.g. Frontend, Backend)                                |

:asterisk: - at least one of the flags for email, name, phone, and tags must be specified

> Please take note that:

Author: ```suggestion
Please take note that the command:
```

* Edits the person at the specified `PERSON_INDEX`, which refers to the index number shown in the
  [persons section](#persons-section)
* `PERSON_INDEX` **must be a positive integer:** 1, 2, 3,...
* Each field only updates if the flag for that field is specified.
* When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be **completely replaced** by the new tags specified.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-success">**:bulb: Tip**:
To remove all tags of a person, you can use `-t` without specifying any tags.

> </div>

Author: Move this below the parameter below above

Reviewer 2: Sorry what?

Author: Lol oops grammar

rejected as well.

For instance,

- `'word` is invalid as the open quotation mark `'` does not have a corresponding close quotation mark.
- `"'"` is invalid as `'` will be passed as a parameter, which is invalid.

</div>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-success">
**:bulb: Flags with multiple parameters**

> <br><br>

Author: ```suggestion
```

<br/><br/>
If you don't understand something, don't worry! You can always read it again or refer to the help messages in our application.
</div>

TruthTable allows you to manage members, tasks, links, and members through the use of commands.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">**:information_source: Persons vs Members**

Some persons in TruthTable (as seen in the [persons section](#persons-section)) may not be in a team. However, any
member of a team must be a person in TruthTable.
</div>

The commands are split into **5** main sections:

1. [Person commands](#commands-to-manage-persons) and [member commands](#commands-to-manage-members)
2. [Team commands](#commands-to-manage-teams)
3. [Task commands](#commands-to-manage-tasks)
4. [Link commands](#commands-to-manage-links--urls)
5. [General commands](#general-commands)

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">**:information_source: Command Format**

The format for each command adheres to the structure laid out in the
[help command section](#example-command-help-message-assign-task---help).

> </div>

Author: Remove this since it's a duplicate reference to the help section

Reviewer 2: Sorry the whole alert is it?

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">**:information_source: Parameters and Constraints**

Parameters are written in uppercase and wrapped with angle brackets (e.g. `<PARAMETER>`) in this guide.
<br><br>

Each parameter has its own constraints, which can be found [here](#flag-and-parameter-constraints).
</div>

> <div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">**:information_source: Flags and Parameters**

Author: Convert this alert into a separate section below command? Probably as a h3

Author: No time

Note that the parameters in this user guide are all upper-cased, which differs from the lower-cased parameters in 
the help message that TruthTable displays whenever you run a command with `-h`.
</div>

### Commands to Manage Persons

If you're looking for a quick summary of the commands to manage persons, you can find 
it [here](#summary-of-person-commands).

If you want to understand how each command can be used, we have provided some examples and illustrations on how to use
them, so continue reading on!

#### Creating a new person: `add person`

It's the start of a new semester, and you are excited to work with your new classmates on software engineering 
projects. You meet a person that seems like a really fun person to work with, and you can't wait to know more about 
them. After getting their name, email, and phone number, you can save their contact details on TruthTable with this 
`add person` command! Now you can contact them easily when you are forming your project teams. You may optionally 
specify some tags for any interesting qualities about the person!

This `add person` command allows you to add a new person to TruthTable. The new person is added to the 

> [persons section](#persons-section). Do not worry if an error shows up, as
> you might have made a typo. 

Author: ```suggestion
[persons section](#persons-section). 
```
Feels unnecessary

Reviewer 2: Removed.

Enter the command `add team CS2103T -d "Software Engineering"`.

If done successfully, you should see a new team show up in the [teams section](#teams-section) as shown below.

![Add Team Example](images/AddTeamExample.png)

Combine this with [set team command](#set-a-new-team-set-team) to directly switch to the team you just created.

**Format:** `add team [-h] [-d=TEAM_DESCRIPTION] <TEAM_NAME>`

| Flags                 | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|-----------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`        | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |
| `-d`, `--description` | :x:      | Description of team (e.g. "A team to manage CS2103T")                  | 

**Command Aliases:**

- `add te`
- `a team`
- `a te`

**Examples:**

- `add team CS2103T` will create a new team by the name of "CS2103T"
- `add team CS2102 -d "Database Systems"` will create a new team with the name "CS2102" and description "Database Systems"

#### Edit current team: `edit team`

> After a while, your group decides to change its team name. You are able to edit both, the name and the description, of a team with the `edit team` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a while, your group decides to change its team name. You are able to edit both the name and the description of a team with the `edit team` command.
```

The `edit team` command allows you to edit the details your currently selected team. The edited team details will be 
shown in the [currently selected team](#current-team-section). 

Here, let us take a quick walk-through on how to edit your currently selected team.

> Supposed you have decided on better team name `NUS TruthTable` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose you have decided on better team name `NUS TruthTable` 
```

:asterisk: - at least one of the flags for name and description must be specified

**Command Aliases:**

- `edit te`
- `e team`
- `e te`

**Examples:**

- `edit team -n CS2103T -d "Software Engineering"` will edit the name of the
  [currently selected team](#current-team-section) to CS2103T and description to "Software Engineering"

#### Delete an existing team: `delete team`

The semester is coming to an end, and the group project is finally completed. You can delete a team once it is no longer
needed with the `delete team` command.

The `delete team` command allows you to delete an existing team. The team deleted will be removed from the
[teams section](#teams-section). Let us show you an example of deleting a team.

Suppose you have an existing team called `CS2103T` and want to remove it. 

Enter the command `delete team CS2103T`.

If done successfully, you should see the team `CS2103T` removed under the [teams section](#teams-section).

![Delete Team Example](images/DeleteTeamExample.png)

Unable to find the team that you want to delete? Please check that you have added the team into TruthTable as shown in the

> [teams section](#teams-section). Refer to the above [add team command](#creating-a-new-team-add-team) 
> on how to add a new team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[teams section](#teams-section). Refer to the [add team command](#creating-a-new-team-add-team) above
on how to add a new team.
```

#### Set a new team: `set team`

It is a busy semester, and you have multiple teams that you need to manage. You can change the team you 
are managing using the `set team` command. 

The `set team` command allows you to change the [currently selected team](#current-team-section) to a new team from
the list of teams in the [teams section](#teams-section). Let us show you an example of how to use this command.

Suppose you have finished the tasks in your current team `CS2103T` and have an existing team called `CS2102`. 

Enter the command `set team CS2102`.

If done successfully, your [currently selected team](#current-team-section) will change to the team `CS2102` along 
with all of its team information, as shown below.

![Set Team Example](images/SetTeamExample.png)

Unable to find the team that you want to check? Please check that you have added the team into TruthTable as shown in 

> the [teams section](#teams-section). Refer to the above [add team command](#creating-a-new-team-add-team)
> on how to add a new team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [teams section](#teams-section). Refer to the [add team command](#creating-a-new-team-add-team) above
on how to add a new team.
```

**Format:** `set team [-h] <TEAM_NAME>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

**Command Aliases:**

- `set te`
- `s team`
- `s te`

**Examples:**

- `set team CS2103T` will change the currently selected team to be the "CS2103T" team.

### Commands to Manage Tasks

Summary of the commands to manage tasks can be found [here](#summary-of-task-commands).

#### Add task to team: `add task`

Your professor has just announced a list of submissions that you need to complete for the project. You want to record
the list of tasks that needs to be done in order to complete the submission on time. You can use the `add task` command for this!

The `add task` allow you to add a new task to your current team. Each task can have a deadline and multiple assignees.

> The new task will be displayed in the task list of your [current team section](#current-team-section). Here, let's take a quick walk-through on how to add a new task.
> 
> Here, let us take a quick walk-through on how to add a new task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new task will be displayed in the task list of your [current team section](#current-team-section).

Here, let us take a quick walk-through on how to add a new task.
```

deja vu

Author: I have been in this place before

Suppose we have a new task called `Create PR`. 

Enter the command `add task "Create PR"`.

If done successfully, a new task with the name `Create PR` will be added to the task list in
[current team section](#current-team-section) as shown below.

> You may optionally specify a deadline and assignees for this command using `-d <TASK_DEADLINE>` and
> `-a <TASK_ASSIGNEES>` respectively. Please refer to the respective commands on how to
> [set deadlines](#set-deadline-for-task-set-deadline) and [set assignees](#assign-a-task-to-team-member-assign-task)!
> 
> Please refer to the respective commands on how to 
> [set deadlines](#set-deadline-for-task-set-deadline) and [set assignees](#assign-a-task-to-team-member-assign-task) after a task has been created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may optionally specify a deadline and assignees for this command using `-d <TASK_DEADLINE>` and
`-a <TASK_ASSIGNEES>` respectively.

Please refer to the respective commands on how to 
[set deadlines](#set-deadline-for-task-set-deadline) and [set assignees](#assign-a-task-to-team-member-assign-task) after a task has been created.
```

* `TASK_ASSIGNEES` **must be positive integers:** 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**

- `add ta`
- `a task`
- `a ta`

**Examples:**

* `add task "Create PR"` will add a task with the name "Create PR", to the current team's task list.
* `add task "Merge PR" -a 1 -d 2022-12-02 23:59` will add a task with the name "Merge PR", assigned to the first member
  of your team's members list, and a deadline of 2nd Dec 2022 23:59, to the current team's task list.
* `add task "Review PR" -a 1 3 -d 2022-12-02 23:59` will add a task with the name "Review PR", assigned to the first and
  third members of your team's members list, and a deadline of 2nd Dec 2022 23:59, to the current team's task list.

#### Edit task in team: `edit task`

Accidentally spelt the name of a task incorrectly? You can edit the details of the  task easily with the `edit task` command!

The `edit task` command allows you to edit an existing task in your team. The edited task's details will be shown in the
task list of the [current team section](#current-team-section). Let
us run through how to edit the details of a task.

Suppose you want to change the task name from `Create PR` to `Merge PR`. Identify the index number of

> `Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the task visibly, refer to
> [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task) on how you can find your task easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the task, refer to
[find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task).
```

  around the parameter**.
* `TASK_INDEX` and `ASSIGNEES` **must be positive integers:** 1, 2, 3,...
* Each field only updates if the flag for that field is specified.
* When editing assignees, the existing assignees of the task will be **completely replaced** by the new assignees
  specified.
* So, you can remove all the assignees of the task by typing `-a` without specifying any assignees after it.

**Command Aliases:**

- `edit ta`
- `e task`
- `e ta`

**Examples:**

* `edit task 1 "Merge PR" -a 1 -d 2022-12-02 23:59` will edit the first task in the current team's task list, setting
  the name as "Merge PR", assignees as the first member in the team list, and deadline as 2nd Dec 2022 23:59.
* `edit task 1 "Update UG" -d 2022-12-02 23:59` will edit the first task in the current team's task list, setting the
  name as "Update UG" and deadline as 2nd Dec 2022 23:59. The assignees are not modified in this example.
* `edit task 1 -a` will edit the first task in the current team's task list, removing all assignees from the task. The
  name and deadline are not modified in this example.

#### Delete task from team: `delete task`

> You realise that the task that you created is actually not very important, and you'd like to remove it. You can delete the tasks easily with `delete task`! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You realize that the task that you created is actually not very important, and you'd like to remove it. You can delete the tasks easily with `delete task`! 
```

The `delete task` command allows you to delete the specified task from TruthTable. The task deleted will be
removed from the task list of the [current team section](#current-team-section). Let us run through an example on how to delete a
task.

Suppose you want to delete a task called `Merge PR`. Identify the index number of `Merge PR` in the

> application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the task visibly, refer to
> [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the task, refer to
[find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task).
```

Author: Removed all visibly

Please take note that:

* Only the task name is searched.
* The search is case-insensitive. e.g. `user guide` will match `User Guide`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `User Guide` will match `guide user`
* Tasks with names partially matching the keywords will be returned, e.g. `user` will match `userguide`.
* Tasks with names matching at least one keyword will be returned, e.g. `guide case` will match `use case`, 
  `user guide`.

**Command Aliases:**

- `find ta`
- `f task`
- `f ta`

**Examples:**

* `find task User Guide` finds tasks with **names** containing **either** the word "User" or "Guide".

#### Mark tasks as done: `mark`

Seems like the task is finally completed. Hooray! You can mark the task as done easily with the `mark task` command!

The `mark task` command allows you to mark an existing task as done. The marked task will be shown in the
task list of the [current team section](#current-team-section).

Let us run through an example on how to mark an existing task.

Suppose you want to mark the task of `Create PR` as done. Identify the index number of

> `Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the task visibly, refer to [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task) on how you can
> find your task easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the task, refer to the [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task).
```

Then, enter the command `mark task 1`.

> If done successfully, you should see a cross appear beside the task named of `Merge PR`, under in the task list of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If done successfully, you should see a cross appear beside the task named `Merge PR` in the task list of the
```

#### Unmark tasks as done: `unmark`

Oops, a small portion of the task was still incomplete. You can mark the task as incomplete easily with the 
`unmark task` command! 

The `unmark task` command allows you to mark an existing task as incomplete. The unmarked task will be shown in the
task list of the [current team section](#current-team-section).

Let us run through how to mark an existing task.

> Suppose the task of `Create PR` was originally complete and you want to mark the task of `Create PR` as incomplete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose the task `Create PR` was originally complete and you want to mark the task `Create PR` as incomplete.
```

> Identify the index number of `Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the 
> task visibly, refer to [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task) on how you can find your task easily.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identify the index number of `Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the 
task, refer to the [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task).

```

#### Set Deadline for task: `set deadline`

> You realise that this task needs to be done more urgently than expected and need to change its deadline. Look no further, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You realize that this task needs to be done more urgently than expected and you need to change its deadline. Look no further, 
```

you can set deadlines for your tasks using the `set deadline` command! 

The `set deadline` command allows you to set a deadline for an existing task, and the deadline must be in
`YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM` format. The task with the new deadline will be shown in the task list of the
[current team section](#current-team-section).

Let us run through an example on how to set deadlines.

Suppose you have task called `Create PR`, and you need it to be completed by 11 November 2022, 2359hrs.
Identify the index number of `Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the 

> task visibly, refer to [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task) on how you can find your task easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
task, refer to the [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task).
```

#### Assign a task to team member: `assign task`

You have tasks that you need to assign people to work on. You can do this  
using the `assign task` command. 

The `assign task` command allows you to assign tasks to members in your team.
The task with the new assignees will be shown in the task list of the [current team section](#current-team-section).

Let us run through an example on how to assign tasks to your team members.

Suppose you have task called `Create PR`, and you want to assign it to Alex Yeoh.

Identify the index number of `Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the 

> task visibly, refer to [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task) on how you can find your task easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
task, refer to the [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task).
```

> Identify the index number of `Alex Yeoh` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, identify the index number of `Alex Yeoh` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the 
```

> member  visibly, refer to [find member command](#finding-a-member-find-member) on how you can find your team member easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
member, refer to the [find member command](#finding-a-member-find-member).
```

Then, enter the command `assign task 1 -a 1`.

> If done successfully, you should see the `Create PR` task being assigned to `Alex Yeoh` show up under in the task list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If done successfully, you should see the `Create PR` task being assigned to `Alex Yeoh` show up in the task list
```

a task to multiple team members.

![Assign Task Example](images/AssignTaskExample.png)

**Format:** `assign task [-h] -a[=<TASK_ASSIGNEES>...] [-a[=<TASK_ASSIGNEES>...]]... <TASK_INDEX>`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-success">**:bulb: Note**:

The format for the `-a` flag indicates that you must specify at least 1 `-a` flag in your command,

- the first instance of `-a` indicates that you must specify the `-a` flag, and
- the second instance of `-a` indicates that you can specify 0 or more `-a` flags.
  <br>
  This results in requiring at least 1 `-a` flag.

</div>

| Flags              | Required           | Remarks                                                                |
|--------------------|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`     | :x:                | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |
| `-a`, `--assignee` | :heavy_check_mark: | Index of members in [members section](#current-team-section)           |

Please take note that:

* `TASK_INDEX` and `TASK_ASSIGNEES` **must be positive integers:** 1, 2, 3,...

> * The original assignees of the task will not be replaced with this command. Tnstead, only new assignees can be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The original assignees of the task will not be replaced with this command. Instead, only new assignees can be added.
```

LOL

* To remove assignees from a task, you can use the [`edit task` command](#edit-task-in-team-edit-task)

**Command Aliases:**

- `assign ta`
- `as task`
- `as ta`

**Examples:**

- `assign task 1 -a` will not do anything.
- `assign task 1 -a 1` will assign the first task on the task list to the first member in the team.
- `assign task 2 -a 1 2` will assign the second task on the task list to the first and second member in the team.

#### Assign a task to random team member: `assign random`

You have tasks and are looking to assign them to different people to work on. Since everyone is capable of 
doing all of the tasks, you are not sure whom to assign the tasks to. You can assign tasks to people randomly using the `assign random` command. 

The `assign random` command allows you to assign tasks randomly to members in your team. The task with the new
assignees will be shown in the task list of the [current team section](#current-team-section). Let us run through an
example on how to assign tasks randomly to your team members.

Suppose you have task called `Create PR`, and you want to assign it randomly to your team members.

> Identify the index number of `Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the task visibly, refer to
> [find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task) on how you can find your task easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identify the index number of `Create PR` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to find the task, refer to the
[find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task).
```

* `TASK_INDEX` **must be a positive integer:** 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**

- `assign r`
- `as random`
- `as r`

**Examples:**

- `assign random 1` will assign the first task on the task list to a random team member.

#### Filter tasks by team member: `tasksof`

Your team member privately tells you that he has been assigned too many tasks in this team project. Fortunately, you can
see how many tasks each team member is assigned in your teams with `tasksof` command.

The `tasksof` command allows you to view the specific tasks assigned to a specified member. The tasks that are assigned
to that member will be shown in the task list of the [current team section](#current-team-section).

Let us run through an example on how to assign tasks to your team members.

Suppose you want to check the tasks being assigned to `Alex Yeoh`.

Firstly, identify the index number of `Alex Yeoh` in the application (1 in the image below). If you are not able to 
find the member visibly, refer to [find member command](#finding-a-member-find-member) on how you can find that member
easily.

Then, enter the command `tasksof 1`.

> If done successfully, you should see the all tasks that `Alex Yeoh` is assigned. It should show up under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If done successfully, you should see the all the tasks that `Alex Yeoh` is assigned to. It should show up under
```

* `MEMBER_INDEX` **must be a positive integer:** 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**

- `to`

**Examples:**

* `tasksof 1` will show all tasks assigned to the first member in your current team's member list.

#### List tasks in team: `list tasks`

The final deadline is approaching and you want to view all the tasks for your team. You can use the 
`list tasks` command to see a list of all your tasks in your team.

The `list tasks` command shows a list of all tasks in your team. After running the 
[find task command](#finding-a-task-find-task), you may wish to view all tasks again.

To do so, enter `list tasks`. 

If done successfully, you should the see all tasks show up under in the member list in the
[current team section](#current-team-section) as shown below. You can also view all incomplete and complete tasks by 
supplying the `-i` flag or the `-c` flag respectively.

You can also view all incomplete and complete tasks by adding the `-i` flag or the `-c` flag respectively.
![List Tasks Example](images/ListTasksExample.png)

Unable to find an existing task? Please check that you have added the task into your team as shown in the

> [current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the above
> [add task command](#add-task-to-team-add-task) on how to add a new task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[current team section](#current-team-section). Refer to the
[add task command](#add-task-to-team-add-task) above on how to add a new task.
```

**Format:** `list tasks [-h] [-c] [-i]`

| Flags                | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help`       | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |
| `-c`, `--complete`   | :x:      | Filter for completed tasks                                             |
| `-i`, `--incomplete` | :x:      | Filter for incomplete tasks                                            |

**Command Aliases:**

- `list ta`
- `l tasks`
- `l ta`

**Examples:**

- `list tasks` will list all the tasks of the current team.
- `list tasks -i` will list all the incomplete tasks of the current team.
- `list tasks -c` will list all the completed tasks of the current team.
- `list tasks -ic` will list all tasks of the current team.

#### Sort tasks: `sort tasks`

> The number of tasks is increasing, and it is confusing for you to find tasks in the list. You can sort your team tasks by name with our `sort tasks` command! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The number of tasks is increasing, and it is getting difficult for you to find tasks in the list. You can sort your team tasks by name with our `sort tasks` command! 
```

| `res`       | **Resets** the order of the tasks shown back to default (unsorted)   |

**Command Aliases:**

- `sort ta`
- `so tasks`
- `so ta`

**Examples:**

* `sort tasks asc` sorts tasks in **ascending** order.
* `sort tasks dsc` sorts tasks in **descending** order.
* `sort tasks res` **resets** the order of the tasks shown.

#### View summary of task assignments in team: `summary`

> As always, the number of tasks keep increasing and you want to assign task equally to everyone. How do you check the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As always, the number of tasks keep increasing and you want to assign tasks fairly to everyone. How do you check the 
```

number of tasks each person is assigned? You can use the `summary` function to gain an overview of the

> number of tasks each person is assigned in your team! Now you can make better decisions on who to assign the new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
number of tasks each person is assigned in your team! Now you can make better decisions on whom to assign the new
```

[result panel](#command-section) as shown below.

![Summary Example](images/SummaryExample.png)

**Format:** `summary [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

**Command Aliases:**

- `sum`
- `su`

### Commands to Manage Links

Summary of the commands to manage links can be found [here](#summary-of-link-commands).

#### Add a new link: `add link`

Your project has started and you're now having weekly meetings. As the meeting link is always the same, wouldn't it be nice 
if it is recorded down permanently somewhere? TruthTable helps you do that with the `add link` command! 

The `add link` command allows you to add a new link you wish to keep track of. The new link is added to the list of links in 
the [currently selected team](#current-team-section) as seen in the image below. Here, let us take a quick walk-through on how to add a link.

> Let us try to add a new weekly meeting link, with a name `Meeting Link`, with the meeting link [URL](#url) of 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let us try to add a new weekly meeting link, with a name `Meeting Link`, and [URL](#url) 
```

> `https://nus-sg.zoom.us/j/87390425930?pwd=aUZNZ1NJdW5hUjcxSGxXZyt0NjdLQT09`. Enter the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`https://nus-sg.zoom.us/j/87390425930?pwd=aUZNZ1NJdW5hUjcxSGxXZyt0NjdLQT09`.```

Author: I'll leave the enter the command to standardise

Enter the command `add link -n "Meeting Link" -l https://nus-sg.zoom.us/j/87390425930?pwd=aUZNZ1NJdW5hUjcxSGxXZyt0NjdLQT09`.

If done successfully, you should see a new link show up in the list of links in the
[currently selected team](#current-team-section) as shown below.

![Add Link Example](images/AddLinkExample.png)

**Format:** `add link [-h] -l=<LINK_URL> -n=<LINK_NAME>`

| Flags          | Required           | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:                | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |
| `-l`, `--link` | :heavy_check_mark: | URL of link (e.g. https://google.com)                                  |
| `-n`, `--name` | :heavy_check_mark: | Name of link (e.g. "Meeting #1")                                       |

**Command Aliases:**

- `add l`
- `a link`
- `a l`

**Examples:**

- `add link -n google -l https://google.com` will add a link named "google" with the [URL](#url) "https://google.com".

#### Edit an existing link: `edit link`

> Oops! Seems like meeting link for the weekly meeting has changed. You can edit the link [URL](#url) easily with the `edit link` command!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Oops! Seems like the meeting link for the weekly meeting has changed. You can edit the link [URL](#url) easily with the `edit link` command!
```

The `edit link` command allows you to edit an existing link in TruthTable. The edited link will be shown in the list of 

> links in the [currently selected team](#current-team-section) as seen in the image below. Let us run through an example on how to edit the details of a link. 

Reviewer: For this matter you're editing the name too, a bit weird..

Author: Otherwise no UI change

Suppose the [URL](#url) of your `weekly meeting` has changed to
`https://zoom.us/j/94669589458?pwd=bTQvWTlWbzR5T29Ja0w2d0J1R1R4QT09#success`. 

> Identify the index number of the link with a name `weekly meeting` in the application (1 in the image below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose the [URL](#url) of your weekly meeting has changed to
`https://zoom.us/j/94669589458?pwd=bTQvWTlWbzR5T29Ja0w2d0J1R1R4QT09#success`. 
Identify the index number of the link with a name `Meeting Link` in the application (1 in the image below).
```

the link directly as well by supplying the `-n` tag.

![Edit Link Example](images/EditLinkExample.png)

**Format:** `edit link [-h] ([-n=<LINK_NAME>] [-l=<LINK_URL>]) <LINK_INDEX>`

| Flags          | Required   | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:        | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |
| `-l`, `--link` | :asterisk: | URL of link (e.g. https://google.com)                                  |
| `-n`, `--name` | :asterisk: | Name of link (e.g. "Meeting #1")                                       |

:asterisk: - at least one of the flags for link and name must be specified

* `LINK_INDEX` **must be a positive integer:** 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**

- `edit l`
- `e link`
- `e l`

**Examples:**

- `edit link 1 -n facebook -l https://facebook.com` will update the 1st link to have the name "facebook" with the [URL](#url)
  of "https://facebook.com".
- `edit link 1 -n google` will update the 1st link to have the name "google".

#### Delete an existing link: `delete link`

> As the deadline approaches, your weekly meetings have become physical and you no longer need to keep track of the meeting link. You can delete links easily with the `delete link` command!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the deadline approaches, your weekly meetings have become in-person and you no longer need to keep track of the meeting link. You can delete links easily with the `delete link` command!
```

Let us run through an example on how you can delete a link in TruthTable.

Suppose you want to delete the `weekly meeting` link from your application. Identify the index number of 
`weekly meeting` in the application (1 in the image below). 

Then, enter the command `delete link 1`.

If done successfully, you should see that the link `weekly meeting` has been removed under the
list of links in the [currently selected team](#current-team-section).

![Delete Link Example](images/DeleteLinkExample.png)

**Format:** `delete link [-h] <LINK_INDEX>`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

* `LINK_INDEX` **must be a positive integer:** 1, 2, 3,...

**Command Aliases:**

- `delete l`
- `d link`
- `d l`

**Examples:**

- `delete link 1` will delete the 1st link

### General Commands

Summary of the general commands can be found [here](#summary-of-general-commands).

#### Clearing all entries: `clear`

> Want to start from a blank application and try again! Not a problem! Use our `clear` command to clear all existing data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You graduated from NUS and join a tech company as a Project Manager. You want to continue using TruthTable but need to remove all the old data. You can use the `clear` command to clear all existing data
```

> Want to start from a blank application and try again! Not a problem! Use our `clear` command to clear all existing data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to start from a blank application and try again? Not a problem! Use our `clear` command to clear all existing data
```

Author: Outdated

> in TruthTable! Enter `clear command` and if done successfully, all data will be cleared except for a `default` team, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in TruthTable! Enter `clear command` and if done successfully, all data will be cleared (except for a `default` team), 
```

> in TruthTable! Enter `clear command` and if done successfully, all data will be cleared except for a `default` team, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in TruthTable! Enter `clear` command and if done successfully, all data will be cleared except for a `default` team, 
```

Author: Outdated

This command allows you to toggle between light theme and dark theme. Enter `theme` and your application will enter 
the light theme from the dark theme, or dark theme from the light theme.

![Theme Example](images/ThemeExample.png)

**Format:** `theme [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

**Command Aliases:**

- `th`

#### Exiting the program: `exit`

Enough work for today! Get some rest and recharge for tomorrow. See you again soon! 

Enter `exit` and the program closes after 3 seconds.

**Format:** `exit [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

**Command Aliases:**

- `quit`
- `bye`
- `ex`

#### Viewing help: `help`

> Help! You are not sure what to do? You have come to the right place. Enter `help` and the list of commands available 
> will be shown as well as URL to this help page at the bottom as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help! Not sure what to do? You have come to the right place. Enter `help` and the list of commands available, as well as the URL to this help page at the bottom,
will be shown.
```

This command allows you to toggle between light theme and dark theme. Enter `theme` and your application will enter 
the light theme from the dark theme, or dark theme from the light theme.

![Theme Example](images/ThemeExample.png)

**Format:** `theme [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

**Command Aliases:**

- `th`

#### Exiting the program: `exit`

Enough work for today! Get some rest and recharge for tomorrow. See you again soon! 

Enter `exit` and the program closes after 3 seconds.

**Format:** `exit [-h]`

| Flags          | Required | Remarks                                                                |
|----------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `-h`, `--help` | :x:      | Shows [help message](#understanding-the-help-message) for this command |

**Command Aliases:**

- `quit`
- `bye`
- `ex`

#### Viewing help: `help`

> Help! Not sure what to do? You have come to the right place. Enter `help` and the list of commands available, as well as the URL to this help page at the bottom,
> will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help! Not sure what to do? You have come to the right place. Enter `help` and the list of commands available, as well as the URL to this help page, will be shown.
```
